Updated FAQ to include workaround for transaction active error (#885)
auth0/Auth0.swift: FAQ.md

Auth0.swift has no control whatsoever over the alert box. It cannot be closed programmatically. Unfortunately, that is a limitation of `ASWebAuthenticationSession`. 

> ## 5. How to resolve the _Failed to start this transaction, as there is an active transaction at the moment_ error ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5. How to resolve the _Failed to start this transaction, as there is an active transaction at the moment_ error?
```

> ## 5. How to resolve the _Failed to start this transaction, as there is an active transaction at the moment_ error ?
> 
> Users might encounter this error when the login/logout alert box is displayed and the user locks the device and unlocks it again. The alert box would have been dismissed but when the user tries to log in again, the error is shown.
> This is a known issue with `ASWebAuthenticationSession` and it is not specific to Auth0.swift . We have already raised an issue with Apple and are waiting for a response from them.
> Meanwhile , as a workaround, developers can invoke `WebAuthentication.cancel()` to manually clear the current login transaction when encountering this error. 
> Please ensure to not cancel a valid login attempt (eg: the login page is open, and the user switches briefly to another app and then returns) .
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5. How to resolve the _Failed to start this transaction, as there is an active transaction at the moment_ error?

Users might encounter this error when the app moves to the background and then back to the foreground while the login/logout alert box is displayed, for example by locking and unlocking the device. The alert box would get dismissed but when the user tries to log in again, the Web Auth operation fails with the `transactionActiveAlready` error.

This is a known issue with `ASWebAuthenticationSession` and it is not specific to Auth0.swift. We have already filed a bug report with Apple and are awaiting for a response from them.

### Workarounds

#### Clear the login transaction when handling the `transactionActiveAlready` error

You can invoke `WebAuthentication.cancel()` to manually clear the current login transaction upon encountering this error. Then, you can retry login. For example:

```swift
switch error {
case .failure(let error) where error == .transactionActiveAlready:
    WebAuthentication.cancel()
    // ... retry login
// ...
}
```

#### Clear the login transaction when the app moves to the background/foreground

You can invoke `WebAuthentication.cancel()` to manually clear the current login transaction when the app moves to the background or back to the foreground. However, you need to make sure to not cancel valid login attempts –for example, when the user switches briefly to another app while the login page is open.

#### Avoid the login/logout alert box

If you don't need SSO, consider using `ephemeral sessions` or `SFSafariViewController` instead of `ASWebAuthenticationSession`. See [1. How can I disable the _login_ alert box?](#1-how-can-i-disable-the-login-alert-box) for more information.
```
